[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Let's do some word association.
Pineapple!
[PIPIMI grunts]
Nani the what?
A handicap.
Or a tower!
Ooh, yeah, good idea!
[PIPIMI grunting]
Apple.
Gorilla.
Trumpet.
[APPLEGORILLATRUMPET] Hey-yo!
What's happenin' hip cats?
Huh. Let's see.
Pineapple?
[NARRATOR A] The Pop Team
Epic Battle Royal.
One hundred participants
are transported
to a deserted island.
There they will fight one
another for survival
using only the tools
they can find.
Join us as we follow these
combatants on their way
to the battlefield.
I call dibs on the big guns!
No. I already called dibs.
Say, who's got dibs on my
big gun? It's party-sized!
[gunshot]
[POPUKO chuckles]
Mama needs a new pair-a-chute!
Brute force is all
well and good,
but it's intelligence that
ultimately wins the war.
Your leet strats ain't got
nothing on pure aggro, baby!
[PIPIMI]
Get rekt!
[POPUKO]
Let's go!
Oh, shit!
[CTHULHU A]
That's right. Be afraid!
Die knowing you lost to
someone who really knows
how to use a M[beep] Suit!
Eigth Team is best team!
Cosmic Era for life!
Back to the depths with you!
[POPUKO]
Found you!
Get rekt! Whoops.
Arena's closing in!
[POPUKO]
Hey, get back here!
--[POPUKO] Shithead!
--[PIPIMI] Scrub!
--Dub Actor!
--Whoa, too far!
--Trash!
--Asshole!
I could never shoot you.
I feel the same way.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Double kill.
I have no such issue.
Heh. Get rekt!
[POPUKO] Bring it on
scrub-a-lub-a-wub-scrub!
Let's go!
[CONTESTANTS shouting]
[PIPIMI]
Hm?
[CONTESTANT F]
Damn it!
[CONTESTANT G screams]
Looks like we've got
an aim-bot bastard.
It's no fun when cheaters
like them show up.
You up for a truce?
For now. Let's take
this douche canoe down!
[BOTH]
Together!
You got this!
You're supposed to
have this with me!
I thought we had a chance,
but we're clearly
in over our heads.
That guy already took
everyone else out.
What if we both run out
and unload on this guy?
I'm sorry, but it's
all up to you now.
Uh! What are you doing?
Listen, Popuko,
this win, it's yours.
You just gotta believe!
[POPUKO]
Pipimi, no!
I'm gonna T-bag you so hard
you'll be tasting earl
grey for a week!
Sounds like the little piss
boy is all out of bullets.
You die, motherfucker!
Aw, shit ballz! I'm empty, too!
[POPUKO] My only shot
is Pipimi's death box.
[POPUKO yells]
You know something?
I pity lousy, dirty
cheaters like you.
Because you're all just cheating
yourselves in the end.
[gunshot]
I'm alive?
[POPUKO]
Poke.
I did it!
Cheaters beware. I'm armed!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
I've been crossing my legs
since the day I was born!
Isn't it hard to
walk like that?
[PIPIMI]
Yes!
Pop Team Epic !
Hey, Pipimi! Can you
do the donchiki ?
What even is that?
It's easy. You go right on
"don" and "chiki" on left.
Oh. Like this? Am I doing it?
That was perfect!
Really? Are you sure
I'm doing it right?
Yes, I'm sure! Are you
trying to mess with me?
No! Really. I have no idea
what I'm doing. Help.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
One, two, fwee, fwor!
Popuko picture pose!
Oh my God,
you're too darn cute.
Resistance is futile.
Why don't we remake the
world in your image?
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
We're cutifying the planet!
[POPUKO]
All right!
It's so cute!
[BOTH giggling]
[POPUKO]
I know, right!
[ALIEN A] Eww, gross.
As if I'd invade that!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Welcome back for another
exciting episode
of "Pop Team Cooking"!
Wait, where's Pipimi?
Who wants whipped cream?
Me!
[grunts]
Delicious.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
I've been turned into
a beautiful instrument!
Wanna play me?
No. I prefer the normal Popuko.
[POPUKO]
You've cut me right to my chord.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
If you want it...
...then say it loud and proud.
I wanna be a nurse!
I wanna be a comptroller!
No, you can't.
Why?
I'll explain.
It's because you're destined
for something far greater.
[POPUKO]
Like a CFO?
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, I wanna hear a sexy
anime-boy-voice streamer
do ASMR that'll give
me dem good tingles.
You heard her!
Yes!
Are you a trap card?
Because I've fallen for you.
[POPUKO laughs]
Kill him now.
It's already done.
[STREAMER A screams]
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
[POPUKO grunting]
Hey, teacher?
My ultimate is ready!
Is that something needed to be
announced to the whole class?
But it finally finished
charging up!
Wah! Wah! Wah!
All right then,
you can pop it off.
[POPUKO] Oh, yeah!
Shinku Hado Mind freak!
What is it even supposed to do?
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Mushroom!
Bamboo shoot!
--Mushroom!
--Bamboo shoot!
[POPUKO]
Scallion!
How dare you!
You don't understand
this at all!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Pop Team Delivery.
[CTHULHU B]
Hello!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Goodness,
my shoulders are stiff.
[POPUKO]
Grandma, I can--
Oh, she bugged out.
Back in my day,
everyone had to deal with
these kinds of hiccups
if they wanted to
play video games.
You young'uns have no idea
how spoiled you all are.
Now I'm going to show you
how we fixed things old school.
Grandma, I can rub your
shoulders for you!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, Pipimi! I got you
a jack-in-the-box!
[POPUKO]
Oops, I spoiled it.
[POPUKO chuckles]
[POPUKO]
Huh?
[screaming]
--[PIPIMI] Got me.
--[POPUKO giggles]
Thank you for purchasing the Pop
Team Epic Season 2 Blu-ray.
Pretty sure most people
are streaming this.
But listen, this way you
can save your money,
rollin' a anime
gacha game, y'know?
[PIPIMI]
Wow! All right.
Well, am I wrong?
It's important to roll
for your waifus.
I'm just shocked
you went for it.
Yeah. On a completely
different note,
how was your session today?
Ooh. A lot of stuff came out.
Yeah, same for me.
Probably shouldn't have
eaten beforehand.
Eww, don't say that.
But yeah, this episode
was a lot of fun.
Very gamer heavy.
[POPUKO] Yeah, I'm surprised
the writer for this episode
didn't try and, like, ham-fist
a "poggers" line somewhere.
--You're right.
--[POPUKO] Yeah.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Let's do some word association.
[POPUKO]
Nutritionist.
What be dis?
A dictionary.
[POPUKO]
We can do better than that!
Mhm. Okay, fine.
[POPUKO]
Okay, that's enough.
Apple.
Gorilla.
Trumpet.
[APPLEGORILLATRUMPET] Hey-yo!
What's happenin', hip cats?
Huh. Let's see.
Pineapple?
[POPUKO]
Nutritionist.
[NARRATOR A]
The Pop Team Epic Battle Royal.
One hundred participants
are transported
to a deserted island.
There they will fight one
another for survival
using only the tools
they can find.
Join us as we follow these
combatants on their way
to the battlefield.
I call dibs on the big guns.
Dude, we talked about this.
Say, who's got dibs on my
big gun? It's party-sized!
[gunshot]
[POPUKO laughs]
Kiss the ground hello for me!
While I understand the impulse,
there are other ways to win
besides using brute force.
We'll see if you
still think that
after I get more kills than you!
[PIPIMI]
Let's go!
[POPUKO]
Get rekt! Oh, shit!
[CTHULHU A]
That's right! Be afraid!
I am Cthulhu and I am here
to say let the purge begin!
This Great One is number one!
They never learn, do they?
I could say the same about you.
[POPUKO]
Get rekt!
Let's go! Whoops,
time to get out of here.
[POPUKO]
Get rekt!
--[POPUKO] Dipshit!
--[PIPIMI] Loser!
--Ass!
--Dickhead!
--Moron!
--Damn it!
Would you ever shoot me?
Only in the endgame.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Double kill.
Ha, lookin' good!
[PIPIMI]
Let's go!
[POPUKO]
Get rekt! Get rekt! Get rekt!
[CONTESTANTS shouting]
[PIPIMI]
Huh?
[CONTESTANT F]
Damn it.
[CONTESTANT G screams]
[CONTESTANT L]
We're all doomed!
[CONTESTANT M]
That jerk took out my drone!
Looks like we've got ourselves
a cheatin' bastard.
Why do these jerks have
to ruin things for everyone?
You up for a truce?
Hell yeah. Let's take
this shithead down.
[BOTH]
Together!
You got this.
It'd be great if you
had this with me.
That guy's already taken
everyone else out of the game.
Odds are he'll do
the same to us.
So what then?
We both go guns-a-blazing?
No, I have a better
plan in mind.
How is that better?!
Listen, Popuko.
The dub, it's yours.
You just gotta believe!
[POPUKO]
Pipimi, no!
I'm gonna T-bag you so hard
your kids are gonna come out
smelling like chamomile!
About time that jerk
ran outta bullets.
All right! Eat lead,
motherfucker!
Oh, shit, I'm empty, too.
Now my only hope
is Pipimi's box.
[POPUKO yells]
You know something?
I'd pity you if you weren't
such a damned fool.
Because in the end,
you only cheated yourself.
[gunshot]
[POPUKO]
What the--?
I did it!
Remember, kids.
Cheaters never win.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
I've been crossing my legs
ever since I was born.
Isn't it hard to walk like that?
[PIPIMI]
Hm?
Hmm...
No!
[POPUKO]
War has changed.
Hey, Pipimi, can you
do the donchiki ?
What is it? Hm?
It's easy, just go right on
"don" and "chiki" on left.
Hm? Like this? Am I doing it?
Oh my God!
What? What is it?
You're doing it!
You're doing it perfectly!
You sure?
Because I still have no idea
what I'm doing right now.
Hello?
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
One, two, fwee, fwor!
Popuko picture pose!
Oh my God,
you're too darn cute.
Resistance is futile.
Why don't we remake the
world in your image?
[PIPIMI] Oh my God! So cute!
I love the pigtails.
You're played by a dude!
[POPUKO]
We both are, ya goof!
[PIPIMI]
You are so right!
[ALIEN A] Eww, gross.
As if I'd invade that!
[POPUKO]
Okay, I think that's enough.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Welcome back to another
exciting episode
of "Pop Team Cooking"!
Wait, where's Pipimi? Hm?
Who wants whipped cream?
Me!
[PIPIMI laughing]
All right, all right, all right.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic .
I've turned into a
beautiful instrument!
Hey, play me!
No. I'd rather play
with regular Popuko.
[POPUKO grunts]
[POPUKO]
You suck.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
If you want it...
...then say it loud and proud!
I wanna be a nurse!
I wanna be a comptroller!
You can't be.
Huh?
I'll explain.
It's because.... you're destined
for something greater.
[POPUKO gasps]
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, I want to hear a
sexy anime-boy-voice streamer
do ASMR that'll give
me dem good tingles.
Speak, boy!
Yes!
Are you a trap card?
Because I've fallen for you.
Oh my God, that was
bad. Kill him now.
It is already done.
[STREAMER A screams]
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
[POPUKO grunting]
Hey, teacher?
My ultimate is ready!
Is that something needed to
be announced the whole class?
But it finally finished
charging up!
Wah! Wah! Wah!
All right then,
you can pop it off.
[POPUKO] Oh, yeah!
Shinku Hado Mind freak!
What is it even supposed to do?
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO chuckles]
Mushroom!
Bamboo shoot!
--Mushroom!
--Bamboo shoot!
[POPUKO]
Scallion!
How dare you!
You don't understand
this at all!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Pop Team Delivery.
[CTHULHU B]
Thanks!
Huh?
[CTHULHU B]
Oh!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Goodness,
my shoulders are stiff.
[POPUKO]
Grandma, I can--
Oh, dear, she bugged out.
When I was your age,
you'd be hard-pressed
to go a day
without runnin' into these
sorts of problems.
You young gamers don't know
how good you all have it.
Now I'm gonna show you how
we fixed things old school.
[POPUKO] Grandma,
I can rub your shoulders!
[POPUKO]
Uh...
Pop Team Epic.
Here you go, Pipimi!
A jack-in-the-box!
[POPUKO] Oh, no,
I gave away the surprise.
[POPUKO chuckles]
[PIPIMI]
Hm?
[screaming]
[POPUKO laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Peekaboo.
Well, that's a wrap on that.
You got any more sessions today?
[PIPIMI]
Eisai haramasukoi.
Ah, that's that dance from
season one, right?
Eisai haramasukoi.
Yeah, I don't know why
but I love that dance.
I remember getting
really excited
whenever it would
pop up in season one,
and now that I'm here
recording for the show,
it felt like the right
time to bust it out.
Didn't I see you prating
it in the lobby?
Honestly, I only
just now realized
that's what you were doing.
I was very confused
watching you at that moment.
I'm kind of embarrassed
that it took me this long
to remember where
the dance was from.
[POPUKO] Don't be.
Season one was years ago,
and this is a show
with a ton of gags.
I mean, the last episode was
nothing but Hellshake Yano.
Yeah, that was a cool
episode, though.